Move add_to_queue/get_from_queue to DDPSpawnPlugin (#9118)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Deprecated `DataModule` properties: `train_transforms`, `val_transforms`, `test_transforms`, `size`, `dims` ([#8851](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8851))

> - Deprecated `add_to_queue`, `get_from_queue` from `LightningModule` in favor of corresponding methods in the `DDPSpawnPlugins` ([9118](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9118))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `add_to_queue`, `get_from_queue` from `LightningModule` in favor of corresponding methods in the `DDPSpawnPlugin` ([9118](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9118))
```
Ah I missed this

> - Deprecated `add_to_queue`, `get_from_queue` from Lightning Module in favor of overriding the same functions in the DDPSpawnPlugins ([9118](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9118))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `add_to_queue`, `get_from_queue` from `LightningModule` in favor of corresponding methods in the `DDPSpawnPlugins` ([9118](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/9118))
```

Author: thank you for finding the wording that i was looking for but couldn't find!!
